Handbook: Add technical style guide (#9718)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/marketing/posthog-style-guide.md

Write "Documentation style guide", not "Documentation Style Guide". 

## Technical writing

Follow these guidelines when writing docs, tutorials, or any other content that explains how to use PostHog.

### Wikipedia-style internal links

The first mention on a page of a PostHog term, feature, or SDK should link to its docs page.

> **Example:** "To create an [insight](/docs/product-analytics/insights), first [capture events](/docs/product-analytics/capture-events). Then, select the data you want to see and create an insight."

### Link to PostHog app

> You can also link to the PostHog app directly by using `https://us.posthog.com/${path}`. This saves time for our users and makes it easier for them to find what they need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also link to the PostHog app directly by using `https://us.posthog.com/${path}`. This saves time for our users and makes it easier for them to find what they need. Make sure to remove `project/2/` from the URL so it redirects them to their project. EU Cloud users are redirected automatically.
```

> **Example:** "To create an insight, first [capture events](/docs/product-analytics/capture-events). Then, go to the [insights tab](https://us.posthog.com/insights) and click **+ New insight**."

> ### Bold button names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bold button and tab names
```

> Put button names in bold. This makes it easier for our users to skim through the docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put button, tab, and other navigation names in bold. This makes it easier for our users to skim through the docs, while be cleaner than using quotes all the time.
```

> Put button, tab, and other navigation names in bold. This makes it easier for our users to skim through the docs, while be cleaner than using quotes all the time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Put button, tab, and other navigation names in bold. This makes it easier for our users to skim through the docs, and it's cleaner than using quotes all the time.
```

})
```

### Record videos

> For flows with many steps, it's often more helpful to include a video instead of a screenshot. We use [screen studio](https://screen.studio/) to record videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For flows with many steps, it's often more helpful to include a video instead of a screenshot. We use [Screen Studio](https://screen.studio/) to record videos, feel free to buy yourself.
```

Use the following settings:
- [Preset](https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C01FHN8DNN6/p1729759474007969)
- Remove any zooming-in for clicks, as this can sometimes make videos hard to follow.

> - For exporting: use MP4, 1080p, 60 fps, and "web" quality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For exporting: use MP4, 720, 60 fps, and "web" quality
```
